These files provide a friendly way of computing the P-value Prediction Interval for future P-values given an observed P-value and sample size for the hypothesis test according to Vsevolozhskaya et al. `computerInterval2.R` provides the template of how to compute the prediction interval with a user specified prior distribution on the true mean or non-centrality parameter of the test statistic distribution. The test statistic can follow either the standard normal distribution, student's t-distribution with specified degrees of freedom, F distribution with a specified numerator and denominator degrees of freedom, or a Chi-Squared distribution with specified degrees of freedom.

The prior distribution on the test statistic's true mean or (non-centrality parameter) follows a discretized distribution according to the "bin means" and "bin probabilities/weights" the user specifies. For the prior distribution on the non-centrality parameter of the Chi-Squared or F distriubution, the user must make sure that the bin means range from 0 to +Inf only. The spreadsheet, `manualPrior.csv` provides an example template of a discretized prior distribution for the mean/non-centrality parameter of the normally or t distributed test statistic, while `manualPrior2.csv` provides an example template for a discretized prior distribution for the non-centrality parameter of Chi-Squared or F distributed test statistic. However, depending on the problem, the prior distribution in these files may not be realistic and should be edited by the user (note: there can be any number of bins, so long as the bin weights/probabilities sum to 1). The prior distribution in one of these files that the user specifies will be read in by `computerInterval2.R`. 

In addition to the name of the file that holds the prior distribution, the user should edit other entries in `computerInterval.R` as necessary, such as the test statistic type, its degrees of freedome, and the observed p-value.  The code is well-commented so that this is clear. After these edits, the entire script, computeInterval2.R, should be run. The data.frame object summaryInfo stores the Bayesian Prediction Interval ("Discrete Baysian") according to Vsevolozhskaya et al.  

The file "helperScript2.R" provides the helper functions for computing this information and do not need to be modified.
